_ Split by PDF Splitter

mee cane

 

  

 

 

D/S @B 12/3 U/"
28 June 1985

 

Thank you for your letter of 16 May concerning lights seen
over the Solway Firth. I am returning the press cuttings forwarded
with your letter. You may find it useful if T explain that the sole
interest of the United Kingdom Ministry of Defence in reported
sightings of Unidentified Flying Objects (UFOs) is to establish
whether they have any bearing -on the defence of the country.

There is no organisation in the Ministry of Defence appointed
solely for the purpose of studying reports of such objects, and no
staff are employed on the subject full time. The reports we receive
are referred to the staff in the Department who are responsible for
the air defence of the United Kingdom, and they examine the reports
as part of their normal duties.

Since our interest in UFOs is limited to possible defence
implications we have not carried out a study into the scientific
significance of these phenomena. Unless there are defence
implications we do not attempt to identify sightings and we cannot
inform observers. of- the probable identity of the object seen. The
Department could not justify the expenditure of public funds on
investigations which go beyond the pure defence interests.

We have to recognise that there are many strange things to be
seen in the sky, but we believe there are adequate explanations for
them. They may be satellite debris re-entering the earth atmosphere,
ball lightning, unusual cloud formations, meteorological balloons,
aircraft lights, aircraft at unusual angles or many other things.

Yours sincerely

