 

EOP d

Split by PDF Splitter

«D Ae

4

LOOSE MINUTE +
D/Sec(AS)/127/3

{( May 86

PS/Minister (DS.)

Copy to:
AUS (DS )
DST 1

D Air Def

GE3 YJ

DLéaSe y/ 4 /- .
Ser cqae$)'

UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECTS - CENTRAL TELEVISION INTERVIEW

1. My staff spoke to you on Friday evening about a request from
Central Television to conduct an interview with a member of MOD,
preferably a Minister, for inclusion in a 45 minute piece on UFOs
which they propose screening in "Central Weekend", a 1'/2 hour
current affairs programme shown on Sundays in the Central TV area.
The producers are, as yet, unsure of the actual date of the
broadcast. We promised to let you have fuller information about the
programme when it was to hand.

2. The programme will be based on a series of interviews inter-
spersed with film, taken from public roads, of some MOD establish-
ments which are assumed to be of significance in UFO circles.
Interviewees will include Lord Hill-Norton and an ex-MOD employee Mr
C T Withers, who worked at Boscombe Down during the 1950's and who
claims to have seen a UFO in 1952. You may wish to note that,
because of his official status at the time, Mr Withers has been in
touch with this office, independently, about taking part in the
programme. We have advised him that, as a private citizen, the
decision to take part must be his own but that the MOD would have no
objection to him doing so.

3. The proposed interview with Minister(DS) would last perhaps 15
minutes which, when edited, will provide 2-3 minutes of TV time. The
interview would take the form of specific questions upon which we
would, of course, provide briefing. The questions are expected to
include: our explanation of the strange phenomena which occur in the
sky; the seriousness with which MOD treats reports of incidents;
whether MOD is the sole authority in Whitehall which receives reports
or whether they are passed on to another more clandestine organisa-
tion; and the incident in December 1980 at RAF Woodbridge. Central
Television have indicated that the interview can take place at
Minister's convenience but they would preferably wish it to be within
a fortnight.

 

 

